# STUDMGMT
Student management system as the name indicates will be used for managing students records will be used for various purposes. Accepting correct data will results in generating the desired output in correct format without any delay. So this system has been enabled with validation data checkup while entering the data and before saving it to the particular file. Students will also able to check their data and modify their basic information as per their requirements. As each institution has various department which will used student records in order to carry out their task, so integrating task and sharing data among department can be easily achieved. There will be only admin who will have to authority to make changes and modification while using this system. Admin will able to perform activities like, adding student records, modifying and deleting existing records, allowing authority to access particular section of student data by different departments. Admin can make changes or modify the fee structure and payment statements. This system will provide admin to make auditing process easier and facility to calculate direct and indirect taxes for their institutions. To make a secure system automatic logout process has been enables and whenever the admin section will be inactive for 30 minutes, it make automatic logout and taken to the main screen which is provided for the general users. To perform admin work, users have to select admin panel and provide their id and password to access this section. 
